Add an example to set the hostname from metadata (#131)
kinvolk/flatcar-docs: docs/reference/migrating-to-clcs/_index.md

        inline: coreos1
```

> On a cloud having an `http` metadata service, the hostname can be retrieved automatically. For example with openstack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hostname can also be retrieved from an `http` metadata service, if available. For example, on OpenStack, which includes a metadata service available on 169.254.169.254, you could use:
```

```yaml
storage:
  files:

>     - path:       "/etc/hostname"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - path: "/etc/hostname"
```

Reviewer 2: Also quotes could be dropped OR be consistent with `url:`.

Reviewer 2: And `mode` must be specified, otherwise strict parsing will fail.
